I apologize, I forgot to push this onto github when I submitted yesterday.

1)  Our project is called “Twixer” and our requirement is that we create a gateway to twitter.  
	Users of our site will be able to upvote or downvote individual tweets/posts submitted 
	by members of the group.  If the tweet/post gets upvoted by the majority of the members in 
	the group, it will be posted to the group’s twitter account.  Members can also edit posts 
	by other members.  
2)
Twitter REST API
Twitcher API
TwitPic

3)
Twitter REST API – according to twitter’s website, this API will provide access 
	to read and write Twitter data.  It will also authoring new tweets, read profiles, 
	and other twitter datas.
Twitcher API – This API was created by steer, it allows developers to get twitter user’s information,
	 timeline, and search twitter.  
TwitPic API – allows developers to upload and post images to their Twitter accounts.  

4)

Check github account

5) The API I choosed to use was the Twitcher API and called for timeline.  I chose this API because 
	I find it useful to display the Twitter user timeline for the group members to see.  That 
	way the members will know what was posted in their absences or can be used as a remainder of 
	what’s already posted.  

	URL: http://twitcher.steer.me/

6)  The only problem that I can see coming up with using this particular API is that Twitter’s new 
	API uses OAuth with a consumer key and consumer secret key.  I believe the Twitcher API 
	supplies it users with their sets of keys to bypass the OAuth on Twitter’s servers.  So if 
	Twitter decides for whatever reason to revoke Twitcher’s set of keys or Twitcher themselves 
	changes keys, their API calls would no longer work with our project.  



7)  Using this particular API was not hard at all because it was simply copying their URL into my 
	JS file and changing the user name to CSUF.  Once I did that, the most difficult part was 
	figuring out how to use the JSON objects and getting the values I wanted, in this case it was 
	the text field.  If my group really wanted to display the timeline of the group that uses our 
	project, I would not recommend going this particular route because Twitter has supplied a 
	widget to do the same thing that displays a much nicer twitter box with the timeline.  



8) For the sake of this assignment, I only used the API to grab the texts/tweets from the API call.  
	Additional functionality that could be added would be to use the API user information call to 
	get the name of the user that tweeted and displaying it on the page.  So people know who 
	tweeted what.  My example is also missing the times/date of the tweets, the API provides a 
	call for that also and that can also be added.  